What the fuck?!
Enriched uranium.
You don't get it. do you?
How much I can't fucking stand you.
Starting today.
Samaritan's Embrace becomes
the Democratic Church of America.
- Who are they?
- It's almost every psychic in the country.
What the fuck does Homelander want
with all of them?
Since when did hopeful
and naive become the same thing?
Why would you get into this business
if not to save the world?
After everything we've been through.
I want to do this together.
I heard about this place.
a steak house.
where the birds get their baps out
when they bring you the rib eye.
We know. Kevin. We know it was you.
You were never my bro. bro.
The real Joe Kessler?
He's dead in the Panjshir Valley.
You never dragged me out.
You left me to die.
Why does she not heal?
The fuck is that?
Something me and Frenchie
are working on.
None of my fucking business. got it.
I don't understand.
He wasn't supposed to...
But you hate me.
I loved Clara more.
and this is what she would want.
Run.
♪ Now. he turned water into wine ♪
♪ What a useless superpower ♪
♪ A real god should make them cower ♪
- ♪ and come to our defense ♪
- ♪ Amen ♪
♪ Healing up you lepers ♪
♪ won't cure these open borders
'cause we need a new world order ♪
♪ to restore some common sense ♪
♪ No angels singing on high ♪
♪ No invisible man in the sky ♪
♪ 'cause he's right in front
of your eyes ♪
- ♪ Raise him up ♪
- ♪ Homelander ♪
- ♪ Raise him high ♪
♪ We need a god that we can see ♪
♪ to bring 'em to their knees ♪
♪ Raise him up ♪
- ♪ Raise him high ♪
- ♪ Homelander ♪
♪ A god that bleeds red. white and blue ♪
♪ just like me and you ♪
♪ Helping the poor. mercy for strangers? ♪
♪ All pedos and pervs
who put us in danger ♪
♪ Raise his name and see how he frees us ♪
♪ Now he's going on his own.
now he's bigger than Jesus ♪
- ♪ Raise him up ♪
- ♪ Homelander ♪
- ♪ Raise him high ♪
♪ We got a god who's strong and tough
and American. like us ♪
♪ Raise him up ♪
♪ Raise him high ♪
♪ While y'all been praying
for god's rebirth ♪
♪ we just rebooted the universe ♪
And that's a wrap!
Out-fucking-standing. everybody.
No. it fucking wasn't. Chad.
"Be perfect as the Lord Father
is perfect."
Angel number six.
you was late coming back after
the fucking break.
We gonna run that shit again.
From the top!
Come in.
Hello. you two.
Isn't it a beautiful day?
You're welcome to use this office
as long as you need.
I know.
Let's get right to it.
While Oh Father is hard at work
on my divine unveiling.
I have a few action items
I need you to handle.
Of course. Anything. sir.
Democratic Church of America
is to be the official national religion.
Based around the one true god. Me.
Great idea.
I want every boundary
between church and state dissolved.
I want troops sent
into every sanctuary city
that took in Starlighters.
Issue an executive order banning abortion.
Also. breastfeeding is now mandatory.
Babies need their mothers. not fake milk.
Act-Actually. outlaw that. too.
- Sir?
- Ban nut milk.
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled
was making you think nuts were milk.
Those are all. uh. fantastic ideas. sir.
- Um. I'll run them by Congress--
- No. Disband it.
- Sorry?
- Disband Congress.
It's better for freedom.
Well. sir. I don't really have
that authority.
Ashley. do me a favor.
Read Stephen's mind.
I want to know if he's a true believer.
- But of course I am. sir.
- Terrific.
Then you have nothing to worry about.
Do it.
What the fuck is that?
Don't look.
Don't make me ask again.
Sir. I...
He's terrified of you. sir.
He thinks you're just
a tiny bit psychotic.
Stephen.
Here I am.
A living god.
Right before your eyes.
And still. your faith wavers?
It's okay. I'm-I'm not angry.
But I am disappointed.
Jordan Li. right?
You must be Marie Moreau.
- Something like that.
- I'm M.M.
Heard that you're. like. "The Chosen One"
and have Homelander-level strength
or some shit?
Well. reports of my awesomeness
have been greatly exaggerated.
Do you have it?
Uh...
Emma's been tracking Oh Father's movements
for the past three weeks.
For some reason. he's been spending
a lot of time at Vought Studios.
Like. a lot of time.
Hasn't been to Vought Tower. D.C..
not even the Church.
- Why?
- We don't know.
but the studio's doubled their security.
They're packing serious heat.
- It's all in there.
- Fine.
So...
What's our next move?
- Pack it up. You guys are done.
- Whoa. I'm sorry.
- What are you talking about?
- It's over. Okay?
So just tell those other guys to run.
while they can. however they can. yeah?
Hold on. That's it?
You're... [scoffs] Aren't you the one
who recruited us to fight
your fucking fight?
We have been risking our lives for a year.
dumpster diving and sleeping in cars.
And we're happy to do it.
- Because we want to help.
- What good's all that power. Marie.
if you can't control it?
We're not gonna stop fighting.
Then you're fucking naive.
"Since when did hopeful and naive
become the same thing?"
Yeah. Your audition tape for The Seven.
I must've watched that shit
on the Dawn of the Seven Blu-ray.
like. a thousand times at Red River.
Or was that just some line
you said to get the gig?
I was naive.
I guess you're not who
I thought you were. Annie.
Guess not.
Fuck her.
Come on. Let's go.
♪ We met as soulmates ♪
♪ on Parris Island ♪
♪ We left as inmates ♪
♪ from an asylum ♪
♪ And we were sharp ♪
♪ as sharp as knives...
♪ And we were so gung ho...
Jesus Christ!
Oi!
Wouldn't do that if I were you. Uranium.
Three seconds.
What the fuck
is going on in here?
I'm...
okay.
The second she's ready.
we go the next dose. right?
Next dose? Are you kidding? Look at her.
- What are you doing?
- Plan fucking B. my son.
If at first you don't succeed.
find another hole to fuck.
See. Soldier Boy's flashy tit blast
got me thinking.
uh. h-he weren't born with that power.
The Ivans gave it to him
through a consistent application
of scientific methodology.
They threw an atom bomb worth
of radiation at him.
Right. So. using the research
we nicked from 'em a few donkeys back.
me and Frenchie are doing
the same thing to Kimiko.
She gets Soldier Boy's power.
she tit blasts Homelander.
bees and fuckin' honey.
So when we kept asking
what you two were up to.
and you kept saying. "Mind your
fucking business. cunt." it was this?
- Yeah.
- Butcher. this is--
The most insane-ass shit I ever heard.
In a few weeks. you're gonna somehow do
what it took the Russians over a decade?
Yeah. 'cause unlike the Ivans.
we got us a living. breathing
supercomputer
bunked down in student services.
Sage? All she does is self-medicate
and binge Love Island.
This could fucking kill Kimiko.
- Frenchie.
- No. It's not my wish.
Fuck Butcher. Who cares what he wants?
Not Butcher.
Me.
It's my call.
We have to do something.
So...
...the JV league deliver or what?
Oh Father's up to something big
at Vought Studios.
but we don't know what.
- Could be a trap.
- Could be.
You stay here with Kimiko and Sage.
We'll bust into the studio.
nab the holy twat.
stomp on his bollocks
till he gives us Homelander's next move.
And then I'll do the cunt and
we'll call it an honest day's work. yeah?
No.
Quit acting like
we're going on a milk run.
It's over.
We lost.
Posh Spice was easily
the most shit member of the squad.
Could barely sing or dance.
No discernible talent whatsoever.
Wasn't even featured on "Wannabe."
But did that stop her?
No.
You look at her now.
Still married with Becks.
Fifteen engagement rings. 32 Vogue covers.
inducted by Prince William
into the Order of the bloody
British Empire.
Even I doubted her move
into women's apparel. but...
her line is a staple
at Paris fucking Fashion Week.
You see.
despite her obvious disadvantages.
including a tragic inability to smile.
she never gave up.
and we ain't giving up. either.
Your fucking pep talks.
- Terrible.
- The worst.
Eh. bollocks. That was a fucking knockout.
Come on. then.
Sir?
I-I just want to start by saying
how deeply sorry I am.
Okay. I-I-I totally fucked up.
But you know. Noir was saying
some really mean shit about you--
It's okay. It's okay.
All is forgiven.
Really?
Because...
I am abolishing The Seven.
Effective immediately.
Let's be honest. there hasn't been seven
members of The Seven in quite some time.
It's a bit of a running joke.
You could give it to me.
I could run it for you. sir.
Yeah.
I mean. I'm the most loyal.
I've always done whatever you've asked.
no questions asked.
I mean. I've given you everything.
I've chosen you over...
everyone that's...
ever wanted any...
Please.
The Seven's all I have.
Don't make this about yourself.
Wishing you all the best.
All right.
Camera to stage one.
Blend right in.
All right. In twos.
Starlight. you're with M.
Hughie. it's your lucky day.
Whoever spots the minister.
call it in and the others
come running. yeah?
Hold it right there. little missy.
You think you could smuggle illegals
onto my land?
Whoops.
Looks like another birthright citizen.
Goddamn you.
This is my home.
My land. My country.
Just picture it. This whole valley.
A million acres of strip malls.
subdivisions.
a chain of Hamburger Mary's.
We could all be rich!
That's what you Manhattan elites
will never understand.
We don't want to be rich.
We want to be free.
Cut.
Everybody hold.
We're gonna CG in that arrow.
Half of the country thinks I'm that?
Why do I even bother?
Hey. so. you dropped the line
"I'm gonna send these illegal rapists
back where they came from."
That's kind of where
the whole scene turns--
This is bullshit. okay?
American Eagle
is Vought+'s number four show.
Why are we being canceled?
Right there with you.
This is coming from the top.
Homelander's rebooting the universe.
Okay. can you at least. then.
write a finale
that isn't just a dogpile
of a bunch of red state bumper stickers
slapped together?
The Taylor Sheridan A.I. wrote the thing.
and it does not take notes.
It's just a bunch of dumb motherfuckers.
all right?
No Oh Father. so come on.
Balls and charts! Balls and charts.
Balls and charts.
What do you want?
Are you presently lobotomized?
No. I'm me.
For 58 seconds. so whatever
you want to say. get it out fast.
I need your help.
Irradiating Kimiko.
- it is--
- The turducken
of fourth quarter. long shot.
Hail Mary wishful thinking.
Get the formula wrong
by even a fraction of rem.
Kimiko's deader than Epstein
between guard shifts.
Exactly. Just for one moment...
...check my work.
tell me if I'm doing this correctly.
Thirty seconds.
I cannot lose Kimiko.
I love her.
You love her?
More than you could know.
Love is a logic error. okay?
Love blinded me
to how a truly beautiful. brilliant man
could lose his damn mind
right up under my nose.
Love made me miscalculate
that a disfigured Nazi cum stump
could actually bring Homelander
and Soldier Boy together.
Love makes people unpredictable.
And if I can't predict people.
I am useless.
Therefore. useless to you.
Bullshit.
Homelander is a threat to you. to us.
to the whole world.
If you won't save us. save yourself.
Help me.
- ♪ Raise him up ♪
- ♪ Oh ♪
♪ Raise him high ♪
♪ While y'all been praying
for god's rebirth...
You got to hand it to Homelander.
Who else would announce
they're the Second Coming
with a song and dance number?
Fucking Hitler on the outside.
Fosse on the inside.
Bullshit.
Come on!
Fucking around.
Stop fucking around.
It's gonna be perfect.
Hey. hey. where you going?
Top ten Billy Joel.
- What?
- Give us your top ten.
- Come on.
- I mean. it would be so hard to rank them.
there are so many. but if I had to...
Okay. "Scenes from an Italian Restaurant."
which is like three songs in one.
- but I-I love them all.
- Right. Yeah.
- "The Entertainer." deep cut there.
- "Entertainer." Yeah. yeah.
- No. no. no. What else? What else?
- "Allentown."
- Oh.
- Which. actually. is about the decline
of Levittown. New York...
Holy shit.
That's Synapse.
He's wanted for those
psychic interstate murders.
What the fuck is he doing
out here in the open?
Oh. shit.
If he reads our thoughts. then...
Yeah. Why do you think I got you
talking about Billy Joel. you fucking git?
Yo! You gonna get that. bro?
Xander.
Hey. What are you doing here?
So good to see you. man.
We wouldn't want a little guppy
to get caught in that can. my man.
Come on in. Grab it.
I've had such a fucked day. man.
You wouldn't believe it. bro.
- Kev. get in the water. man.
- No.
You're not...
you're not listening to me.
Ah. shut the fuck up.
We know you were responsible
for the pipeline genocide.
Remember March 15th. motherfucker!
Whoa. Whoa. whoa.
No. wait. that w... that wasn't me. man.
If you step one foot.
one fucking stupid-ass simian toe
in the water. anywhere--
an ocean. a stream. a fucking puddle--
on God. son. you're dead.
We're gonna kill you!
You understand. you dumb motherfucker?
Water is fucking off-limits to you.
You are dead to us!
Bitch-ass.
No.
Madam President?
Five. then we'll head down
to the briefing room for the announcement.
Be right there!
This is it. The end.
We have to get the Pentagon or NATO.
somebody. anybody to help.
I lost every single
student council election.
If fucking April Jenkowicz
could see me now.
Hey. Wake the fuck up.
You got the president killed.
I didn't have a choice. Now.
will you let me enjoy this for one second?
Just get off my back.
You know I can't.
And you've always had a choice. Ashley.
But this is a new low.
- even for you.
- Me?
You took over my body.
and spied on Soldier Boy.
Without my consent.
Do you know what a violation that was?
I had to do something.
since I'm stuck on such a coward.
Fuck you.
All of this is mine. not yours.
I'm the one that got us
from Minnie Driver's junior publicist
all the way to the fucking White House.
- Me. Not you.
- But look at yourself.
Look at you.
You hate yourself so much.
Don't you want to be able
to sleep through the night?
Or-or... or quit yanking out your hair?
Or-or look at yourself
in the mirror again?
How can I. when you're constantly
telling me how horrible I am?
I should be proud.
I haven't died.
Do you know how hard it is
to stay alive around here?
I would rather we die than be this.
Oh. what a fucking martyr.
You want to die? Great.
I will cut you out
with a cheese grater if I have to.
You know what? I have tried.
I have really tried to help you.
But you're too far gone.
- I'm done.
- Don't threaten me with a good time.
I'm serious. It's over.
You will never hear from me ever again.
Thank fuck.
I'm free!
- Are you serious right now?
- There he is!
Hit it. Hard.
Ah. Yes.
Best defense against psychics.
Weed numbs your brain
so they can't read you.
We should call...
Just be cool.
I know that's right. Welcome!
Welcome. Praise him.
Praise him.
I want to thank everybody
for making this important journey.
My dear. where are you from?
- Rachel from Duluth.
- Okay. Rachel.
And. um...
Tavin Coleman from. uh. Temple. Texas!
- Texas!
- There we go! There we go!
Hallelujah. Far and wide!
Now. each of you lucky souls
were painstakingly selected
from around the country
for your die-hard online support
of the Big Man.
Fuck Starlight!
Now. we are very excited
to start focus testing
on Homelander's next momentous chapter.
Are you all ready for this VIP experience?
- Yes!
- Well. what are we waiting for?
Come on. let's go.
Right this way. Watch your step.
- Thanks.
- Uh-huh.
I'm a cat.
All right.
First off. congratulations.
You are the first people in the world
to watch this promo.
Afterwards. we will hand out
some questionnaires
so you can mark down your reactions.
and then. we'll have
a-a little discussion about the film.
Full honesty.
Please. there are no wrong answers.
We will use your input
to help us going forward.
What the... what the fuck
are they doing here?
...temp music
and sound effects...
Still nothing
from Hughie and Butcher.
I'm getting really worried.
Wait a minute.
That's Gray Matter.
And that muscle bitch over there.
that's Psych-K.O.
They were serving
consecutive life sentences at Elmira.
Wait. I've seen them before.
I have. Their headshots
were up at the church.
But why would Homelander
be bringing together
the world's most dangerous psychics?
You ready? Okay. here we go.
Brother.
What the fuck?
What are you doing here. Jesus?
I've taken the fight as far as I can.
The corrupt FBI.
Transgender immigrant rapists.
The forces of darkness
in today's world are simply
too much to bear.
What are you saying?
Turning the other cheek does nothing.
We need results.
A real savior with real American values.
who can conquer evil once and for all.
I'm not worthy.
Neither was I.
Then I accept.
The fuck is all this?
Hey.
HomeLand.
Next phase of the reboot.
Showing the faithful
my boundless love for them.
- Hmm.
- That there?
The Homelander Mount.
We're saying that this is where
the angel visited me.
and I ascended to godhood.
- Right.
- Uh...
You're gonna love this.
This area here? We're calling it
"Soldier Boy! Father of God."
All the fastest rides are gonna be there.
and every night.
there's gonna be a ticker tape parade.
honoring you.
I'm gonna head down to Bogotá.
Figure I'll snort and fuck my way
through the banana republics.
Uh. when are you coming back?
Probably not for a...
...ever.
What?
Look. if you don't like the park.
I mean. forget it.
I don't. I don't care about any of it.
You want hookers and blow?
I'll get you all the drugs
and all the wrinkly old whores in America.
- No. you're not hearing me.
I am where I am because you chose me.
To help me.
So. I want you to have whatever you want.
What I want is to get away.
From what?
Or from who?
This just ain't my bag. kid.
I welded your shield back together.
You never use it.
I hired you a three-star Michelin chef.
all you ever order is meat loaf and chili.
I even had L.J. mock up
a new supersuit for you.
Oh. God.
See. that's what I'm talking about.
- Oh. God. What?!
- I don't want that.
And another thing.
I gave you the V1 because of Clara.
Because that's what she would've wanted.
This was never gonna be
a "playing catch on the front lawn.
fixing up the old Impala" bullshit.
You're too weird.
Stop fucking saying that.
And you're no god.
No angel came to you.
You had a wet dream
about some chick with big. juicy tits.
If that makes you a god.
then I'm a fucking god every night.
I am God!
Would it help if I said.
"It's not you. it's me"?
If you want to go. go.
Good luck. son.
I love you.
Forget it.
Already tried.
Okay. um...
Oh. what about your. um. M-Medusa dicks?
I mean. can't they break us out?
And here I was. diddling me asshole.
while you kipped and drooled
for a bleeding hour.
Okay. all right.
It's that cunt Synapse.
I can feel him worming around
in me noggin. he...
...switched off all me powers.
- "Tell Her About It."
- Won't be telling
nobody nothing
if we don't get out of here.
No. that's my number three
Billy Joel song.
I can't die without getting that straight.
- It's a four-quadrant bop.
- We ain't gonna die.
you dozy twat. we are getting out of here.
Yeah. right.
Just like Frenchie's experiments on Kimiko
aren't gonna kill her.
Come on. man. it's just us here.
Level with me.
You're grasping at straws.
You know none of this shit is gonna work.
Now you listen to me. Hughie.
We ain't done yet.
Even if I have to drag your broken
fucking carcasses over the finish line...
...we are going all the way.
no matter the cost.
till the job's fucking done.
Wow.
I mean. as menacing
and truly fucked as that sounded?
I got to say. it was kind of hopeful.
Hmm.
"You May Be Right."
I'm always bloody right.
No. that's my number three
Billy Joel song.
- Oi. knock it off.
- You... look. you started this. okay?
Kimiko.
We have to stop.
You are barely healing.
No. Don't you fucking dare.
Hey.
I was. uh. thinking...
...about what you said.
Before.
Children.
Three.
Oui?
We can buy a place in Marseille.
by the water.
Warm sea spray. lavender air.
Plenty of room for children.
And a Bernedoodle.
Look.
Her name is Simone.
She's a rescue mutt. Like us. no?
Hey. You stay strong. you hear me?
After everything we've been through.
settling down sounds nice.
Kimiko?
No. Hey. Kimiko!
- I remember the first time...
- Mm-mm.
- ...I laid these blind eyes on you.
- See. girl. you stupid.
You took a risk. you stayed loyal.
while Kordell was-was making out
with what's-her-face from Casa?
Fuck Casa.
Excuse me. I brought you something.
I said I wanted a fucking Chalupa.
Kimiko is no longer strong enough.
I cannot risk her life.
all while the smartest person in the world
is sitting right here.
marinating in her own guilt and...
...urine.
You're blocking me.
Mm-hmm.
I know we didn't
hit it off instantly...
...but that's the best part of our story.
Kordena are still together till this day.
Brings me some joy.
You're a Love Islander?
Love Island USA. U.K.. Sweden. Games.
You name it. I watch it.
Why is it so fucking good?
Because you are right.
Love.
It makes...
...no sense.
It's stupid.
Unpredictable.
Socrates called it. uh.
a "divine madness."
Was he that fuckboy getting with Nicole?
So. you do not understand love.
So what?
No one ever has or ever will.
You see. no matter how smart you are.
there is still mystery in the world.
Isn't that wonderful?
Have you never been so completely loved?
I know you have no reason to help me.
I beg you.
I love Kimiko.
I cannot live without her.
Fucking fine.
I'll help you.
But you got to give me a couple hours
to get my brain. you know. good.
Thank you.
Okay.
Uh...
Oh. unless you want in?
Hmm? All right.
Thanks.
Annie?
Hey. where are you guys?
I was getting worried.
Tossing Oh Father's trailer.
There's some weird shit in here.
Well. we got eyes on him
in the Tek Knight Theater.
Okay. On our way.
Okay. Now. Rachel.
you look emotional.
What's going on?
I'm sorry. I just. um...
I just think Homelander is so selfless.
taking on the burdens of Jesus.
Uh. just show of hands.
how many of you now believe
that Homelander
is your personal Lord and Savior?
Well. now...
Are you fucking kidding me?
Yes.
Amen.
Uh. if I read your name.
you are free to go.
Please grab yourself a special
Voughtality Swag Bag from the lobby.
Everyone else. uh. use the restroom.
we will reconvene and we'll have
some more in-depth conversation.
Uh. Scott Embler.
Thomas Carter.
Deborah Allen.
- Miles Allen.
- Help me out here.
In the movie. was Homelander God.
the Second Coming. or Jesus's brother?
'Cause the world-building in there
was fucked.
Does it even matter?
I mean. they will believe
whatever he tells them.
What is the fucking point of saving people
if they don't want to be saved?
This is what they want.
All right.
So. back when my Gramps
got killed by Soldier Boy.
shit got rough.
Neighborhood kids laughed.
called me soft. shit like that.
And then one day.
I find this pigeon on the sidewalk.
wing busted. he was in bad shape.
So. I run inside.
grab a shoebox and a first aid kit.
and come to start nursing it.
I figure. if I can save
just this one life.
maybe it might somehow make up for...
Anyway.
those same fucking kids. they found out.
And so. now. it don't take a genius
to go from "Marvin Milk"
to "Mother's Milk."
"Yo. Mother's Milk.
you letting that sky rat
suck on your titties or that dick?"
They were relentless.
Right up until the day
when that little bird flew out of my house
and right over their heads. good as new.
And you know what. Annie?
Here's the crazy thing.
I loved my new name.
'Cause I loved helping people.
I loved being kind.
making my family proud.
That name was a badge of honor for me.
Now. last year.
locked up in that detention center.
something changed.
My heart. it just got scarred over.
Like the world had just broken it
one too many times.
And yeah. it got easier.
just being cynical.
Checking out.
But I also hated myself a lot more.
I went from being
a motherfucker with a heart...
...to just being a motherfucker.
But you know what?
Giving a shit in a world
where nobody gives a shit?
It ain't soft.
It's hard as hell.
And that's the real me.
And that's the real you. too.
Ugh.
Thought you were looking for Starlight.
I am. She's not here.
Wait. You smell that?
Smell what?
You had Chipotle for lunch.
Carne asada bowl with extra guac.
And corn salsa.
And you had Little Caesars Crazy Bread.
Stole it right off the counter.
You're a bad boy.
- Yes?
- Lord.
- I've been trying to reach you.
- Oh Father.
- How was the test screening?
- Blessings on blessings.
We have detained Billy Butcher
and Hugh Campbell.
They are here at the studio.
- Starlight can't be far.
- Mm-hmm. We're searching.
- You want us to kill Butcher and Campbell?
- No.
Get Sage's location first.
I owe her a visit.
- Okay.
- Now...
about this. uh. screening.
How did it go?
We got some follow-ups.
- Few more questions and--
- How many
believed in their hearts
that I am indeed the one true God?
Six.
- Six out of 30?
- Listen.
proselytizing is my other superpower.
All right. now.
let's retool the edit a little bit.
Lennertz is delivering music end of day.
Oh. no.
Give them the full VIP experience.
I can convert them.
It's all good. man.
The entire team is focused
on nothing but you.
Okay. just. uh. you know.
thinking outside the box here.
what about San Antonio?
Or Tucson. Maybe Vegas?
Hello? Hey. Hey. did I lose you?
No. Kevin. honey.
those towns are all landlocked.
Water is literally your whole brand.
- It's all you have.
- It's not all I have.
I have more than that.
- Help! Somebody help him!
- He's drowning.
Please! Please!
Someone help!
It's the Deep.
Everybody look. the Deep's here!
He's gonna die!
Help my Pop-pop!
Hurry up! Help him!
Oh. fuck!
Kevin. this is what we want.
Free publicity.
Now get in there and save that man.
Oh. thank God you're here!
- Uh...
- Why aren't you helping?
- Please help me!
- Can someone just
toss him a life preserver?
What are you doing? Help him!
Turn sideways to the shore!
- You know. swim in at an angle!
- Please!
You're the Lord of the Seven Seas!
- Do something!
- No!
What are you doing?
Pop-pop!
- Uh...
- Oh. my God. he's gonna die.
- No...
- What are you doing?
Why isn't he helping?
Hey. what was the name
of that topless steak house?
- The what?
- The one. um. the one in Reno.
The one you and Lenny wanted to see.
Hmm.
The Juicy Rack.
Okay. well.
if we get out of here.
we're going to The Juicy Rack.
When we get out of here.
we are definitely going.
How are you two feeling?
Why don't you fuck off
out of my head and I'll tell you?
I already know.
You want to rip me in two.
which makes me a tiny bit erect.
not gonna lie.
But believe me...
...I'd rather not be
in that rat's nest of yours.
So much pain.
regret and abject failure.
Like with this fucking guy.
Ah. I got a little bit
of an erection myself.
You miss me?
- Who's this?
- He ain't real.
He's just fucking with us.
Come on. man. Joseph Alan Kessler.
I served with Billy.
Actually. you know what? More than that.
Billy and I?
We were besties.
See. the problem you're having
is that curdled cottage cheese
you got inside your skull
that remembers me as being
some sort of a sociopath head case.
That hurts my feelings. Billy.
It's not true.
That wasn't me.
No. that was always you.
You know. sometimes.
Billy'd get real friggin' blitzed.
All quiet and sullen.
And then he'd admit
that he had this darkness inside of him.
A shark that couldn't stop.
You see. Billy had no conscience.
So. I was there to be that for him.
Pull him back when he went too far.
Does that ring any bells?
Just ignore him. Hughie.
It's just psyops bollocks. That's all.
- Just bollocks.
- Do you remember
when the night finally came
to cash that check?
Panjshir Valley. We were there to take out
this mid-level ISIS clown.
Billy got us into the compound.
The problem is that
we got this call that this asshat
had a hundred men
that were minutes behind us.
Now. any sane command leader.
they'd pull their men out.
Make sure they were safe.
But not Billy. no.
See. Billy got
that little glint in his eye.
Wouldn't give the order.
So. I got in his face. I screamed at him.
"The target's not worth it."
The target wasn't worth it!
Nothing. so I popped him one.
Smacked him right there on the forehead.
got him this sweet little scar you see.
But Billy. well. Billy didn't budge.
No.
And sure as shit...
...we were surrounded.
Good news is that
old Butcher. he got his target.
The issue was that
Billy was the only member of the unit
to walk out of there alive.
So. he will ask you to pull him back.
But the truth of the matter is.
is you are fucked when you get in his way.
Lot of dead canaries
in old Billy Butcher's coal mine.
Anyway...
...good luck with that. Hughie.
Why don't you just piss off.
you fucking nonce?
We ain't telling you shite.
You don't have to tell me "shite."
I know everything. I've been inside
your cassava the whole fucking time.
I've just been just distracting you.
Let's see. Sage is in an abandoned school
in Erie. Pennsylvania.
and Kimiko?
Seriously? You're gonna saddle her
with Soldier Boy's power blast?
Are you fucking insane?
Homelander is gonna love this shit.
All right. boys.
I'll see you soon.
We got to warn Frenchie.
Butcher.
Butcher!
We are on the cusp of a great awakening
in this country. Amen?
Amen!
But...
...though you said
you believed in Homelander...
...your own thoughts betrayed you.
But we-we do believe in Homelander.
Just not quite where it counted.
In your hearts.
In this new world...
...there is no room for heresy.
- Wh...
- We do.
We love Homelander.
Holy shit.
I'm-I'm sorry. are we.
are we not allowed to leave?
Move! Get out of the way!
Fuck.
Let's go. let's go. Come on.
Come on. You're safe. Let's go.
Fuck.
Get your head in the game!
Fuck you.
Come on. people.
we got to get out of here.
Let's go. Come on.
Now.
Come on. let's go. Let's go.
Hey. that shit that Synapse said.
Was any of it true?
Every fucking word.
All right. assholes.
Time is up.
Come on. then. cunt.
Have a fucking go.
Oh. no. no. no. Billy.
see. I want you to watch first.
I'll fucking kill you.
You see that. there. Hughie?
This is the part
where he pretends like he cares.
You like people to watch.
Don't you. Synapse?
Like the way you watched your brother die?
- Fuck you say?
- That's your M.O.. right?
I mean. those crime scene photos.
I can still...
...picture them in my head.
Now you can see them. too. right?
- S-Shut up!
- The autopsy
said that your little brother
was still alive
when you made him gut himself
with your alcoholic mom's corkscrew.
Shut up!
Seven years old.
And you loved him.
That's what's so tragic.
I will fucking gut you. too.
No. You won't.
- You want to know why?
- Enlighten me.
Because you were so focused on my head.
you weren't focused on his.
You see. we were just distracting you.
Oh!
Oh. I'm gonna enjoy this one. cunt.
But then again. I enjoy them all.
Fuck. man.
Nice one. mate.
Call Frenchie now.
Oh. goddamn it. Frenchie. Pick up.
All right. folks. Let's go.
- There you go. All right.
- Thank you.
Um... Thank you.
What do you want?
Your help.
Nice work. Your numbers were only
a tiny bit fucking stupid. All fixed now.
And the exposure will be disbursed evenly?
- Perhaps we should... reformulate.
- I checked everything. Three times.
I never check anything three times.
We're ready.
Let's fucking go.
Thirteen seconds.
- No. She cannot take it.
- No. if we stop now.
she will not recover from another attempt.
This is it.
- Enough. She's dying.
- Don't.
Don't.
Kimiko.
I set a Doppler system on the roof
to detect unexplained objects
or flying Supes.
- Homelander.
- Three minutes.
Give or take. Not enough time to escape.
Homelander cannot
see through zinc.
Okay.
Take her legs.
- Yes. Okay.
- Okay. Okay.
- No. Hey.
- No.
It's okay. There is no time.
I will find somewhere else to hide.
No. please. no.
No.
Sage.
Come on out.
The Frenchman.
Where are the others?
Where's Sage?
Oh. Ha ha ha.
You don't really think you're gonna
recreate Soldier Boy's little party trick.
do you?
We already did.
And they're coming for you as we speak.
So gargle my hairy nutsack.
you Nazi putain.
And gargle on this.
Look at you.
I bet you never danced a day in your life.
No...
Oh. God.
Frenchie.
Mon coeur.
Why'd you do that?
Why'd you leave me? You stupid asshole.
Are you all right?
Thank you for saving us.
Thank you for saving me.
No.
Mon coeur...
...you saved me.
No. Don't leave me.
Please don't leave.
Please don't. please.
Please don't leave me.
Never.
Je t'aime.
From the first.
Frenchie?
No. no. no.
Oh. Frenchie.
No. no. no. no. no.
No.
Please don't leave me.
♪ Stars shining bright above you ♪
♪ Night breezes seem to whisper
I love you ♪
♪ Birds singing in a sycamore tree ♪
♪ Dream a little. dream of me ♪
♪ Say nighty night and kiss me ♪
♪ Just hold me tight
and tell me you'll miss me ♪
♪ While I'm alone and blue as can be ♪
♪ dream a little. dream of me ♪
♪ Stars fading. but I linger on. dear ♪
♪ Still craving your kiss ♪
♪ I'm longing to linger till dawn. dear ♪
♪ just saying this ♪
♪ Sweet dreams till sunbeams find you ♪
♪ Sweet dreams that leave
all worries behind you ♪
♪ but in your dreams. whatever they be ♪
♪ dream a little. dream of me ♪
♪ Stars fading. but I linger on. dear ♪
♪ still craving your kiss ♪
♪ I'm longing to linger till dawn. dear ♪
♪ just saying this ♪
♪ Dream a little. dream of me ♪